gh-76595: Add note on `PyCapsule_Import` behavior (#134022)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/capsule.rst

   Return the capsule's internal *pointer* on success.  On failure, set an
   exception and return ``NULL``.

   .. note::

>       :c:func:`PyCapsule_Import` splits *name* on the ``.`` character, and

Reviewer: We already know that it's `PyCapsule_Import`:
```suggestion
      This function splits *name* on the ``.`` character, and
```

      imports the first element. It then processes further elements using
      attribute lookups. As a result, if *name* points to an attribute in
      some submodule or subpackage, this submodule or subpackage must be

>       previously imported using other means (e.g. by using :c:func:`PyImport_ImportModule`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      previously imported using other means (for example, by using :c:func:`PyImport_ImportModule`).
```
[Style guide](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language)

Also needs to be wrapped.
